Update Delirium.md (#61)
inform-us/requirements_specifications: informus/rules/Delirium.md

  
*the following feeds into the (i) front tile - 24-hour rolling window and (ii) SPC patients with delirium chart*

**[C]  overall CAM-ICU front tile calculation: Patients with Delirium in the last 2 (completed) shifts**

> - This is a live update that looks at incidence of delirium in the last 2 complted shifts (inpatients and those discharged) - RATIONALE - only one assessment is required per shift, therefore an incomplete will not reflect the quantity of delirium on a ward accurately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This is a live update that looks at incidence of delirium in the last 2 completed shifts (includes both inpatients and discharged patients).
- This calculation does not include the 'current' shift (i.e. the shift we are currently within) as we only want to consider fully 'completed' shifts. Therefore, the calculation will focus on the 2 fully completed shifts that have occurred prior to the 'current' shift.
- The rationale for this is that only one assessment is required per shift, therefore an incomplete shift will not reflect the quantity of delirium on a ward accurately.
```

Author: All correct.

- Refer to CAM-ICU validity rules above (use backfilled CAM-ICU) *even if the last CAM-ICU was documented over 24 hours ago, it was still valid until the end of that shift so should be included*

> - Numerator: the number of patients present on on each unit at any time over the last 2 complted shifts with positive CAM-ICU scores
> - Denominator: the number of patients present on on each unit at any time over the last 2 complted shifts 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Numerator: the number of patients present on each unit at any time over the last 2 completed shifts with positive CAM-ICU scores
- Denominator: the number of patients present on each unit at any time over the last 2 completed shifts 
```

Reviewer: Is my suggestion correct here? Do we care if a patient had a CAM-ICU documented in one shift, but not in the other? 

Do we not care about the RASS criteria of -3 to +4 at all here?

Author: Yes, correct. This looks at the burden of delirium over a 24 hour period, which in this case is two completed shifts.
Number of CAM-ICU postive patients / total number of patients in thos two shifts. 
Patient do not get double counted if CAM-ICU positive on both shifts
Yes, ignore RASS for this.

> - Denominator: the number of patients present on on each unit at any time over the last 2 complted shifts 

Reviewer: If I understand correctly, neither the numerator nor the denominator care about filtering by the RASS criteria (i.e. between -3 to + 4)? 

So the numerator does not care about the RASS scores, and the denominator will just be all patients who were on the unit over the last 2 shifts, again regardless of their RASS scores?
